docs: add integration for next.js (#67)
contentful/live-preview: README.md

// ...
```

#### Integration with Next.js

To use the Contentful LivePreivew SDK with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), you can either use one of the contentful starter templates, or do the following steps to add it to an existing project.

1. Add the @contentful/live-preview package to your project

```bash
yarn add @contentful/live-preview
```

or

```bash
npm install @contentful/live-preview
```

> 2. Initialize the SDK and adding the stylesheet for tagging inside `_app.tsx` or `_app.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initialize the SDK and add the stylesheet for field tagging inside `_app.tsx` or `_app.js`.
```

```tsx
import '@contentful/live-preview/style.css';
import { ContentfulLivePreview } from '@contentful/live-preview';

ContentfulLivePreview.init();
```

> 3. Add tagging and live updates to your component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add field tagging and live updates to your component
```

      <Text
        as="p"
        {...ContentfulLivePreview.getProps({
          entryId: blogPost.sys.id,
          fieldId: 'text',
          locale,
        })}>
        {blogPost.text}
      </Text>
    </Section>
  );
}
```

> It doesn't matter if the data is loaded with getServerSideProps, getStaticProps or if you load it in any other way.<br>It's necessary that the provided information to `useContentfulLiveUpdate` contains the `sys.id` information for identifation and only non-transformed fields can be updated.<br>(For GraphQL also the `__typename` needs to be provided)

4. Enable preview mode

We suggest using the [preview mode](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/preview-mode) and the [Content Preview API](https://www.contentful.com/developers/docs/references/content-preview-api/) for the best experience.

For a full guide checkout this [free course](https://www.contentful.com/nextjs-starter-guide/)

5. In Contentful, define the preview environment and configure the preview URL for your Next.js application. Once you open an entry with a configured preview URL, you can use the Live Preview and all its features.

> That's it! You should now be able to use the Contentful Live Preview SDK with Gatsby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it! You should now be able to use the Contentful Live Preview SDK with Next.js.
```
